Roads Untraveled  
Welcome brethren…Welcome to my mind and crowd of thoughts (Spooky place as you are about to find out…evil laughter….). Maybe you are bored, nothing to watch on the Tv or you have internet bundles to waste before Wi-Fi at your home is repaid or no one has replied or sent you a message all day long and you are looking for solitude here (well you may or may not find it here …) or you are an avid blog reader/blogger and you want to look at things from other people’s points of view. Whatever your reason(s) may be … let me take this time to educate you.
I had this dream that one day I could be a pilot…those careers we fantasized about in primary and discredited some careers thinking they were beneath us. For one, not in my wildest dreams would I have though that I would be a programmer (cough…code for unemployed entitled youth) well not all programmers are unemployed, but we are a lazy bunch…who do you think came up with the work from home concept? (Creative minds are the laziest)
So, I went with this friend to a popular restaurant well to do what people do in restaurants…Kenyan restaurants have this notion that if we provide a Tv in the restaurant even though services may be bad people will still come which is true. Doubt me but start job tarmacking then you will know…. (drifted from the main point again…damn didn’t take my meds today.) well there was this advert about Ted Talks that was to be aired that night on Kiss Tv (them days…) then I remembered this video I had watched on the ted talk website called “Outside the Corporate Mindset”. 
It was basically about how we millennials think that doing a well-known course and having it all figured out meant we would automatically be successful. Take the example of my guy Gates a dropout who saw that our education system was designed to robotionize our future. Now he makes computers which is like technically accelerating the robotionize our future concept (mind twist). Not a good example come to think of it probably should have used the likes of Warren Buffett, Steven King, Steve Job and Oprah Winfrey. 
I remember a motivational talk I attended that said misconstrue occasionally, mess things up because then everyone would lower their high expectations for you enabling you to come up with great ideas. Don’t let anyone define your life’s path for you. If you feel like being lazy for 3 years will define you path to success…lazy out those 3 years add even another year to the mix. Our country could use minds that think lightyears away from the box, who can find an alternative route in the unlikeliest situations.
Following society’s expectations is like having a rotting arm but not cutting it and hoping that it wouldn’t affect the rest of your body. Quit that boring job and join a band, start your own company, start a YouTube channel, write a blog, go to SAFU New Year’s Eve, start your own campaign or hashtag and make it trend.…heck be a freelance artist/actor…. take risks… Remember to follow the roads untraveled as they most likely have the undiscovered treasures.
As I slump back on my rusty chair i know this message has touched you somewhere in your subconscious leading to the birth of a silent voice that will challenge you to be more than you are…
Adios?.					
 	*misconstrue = mess up! 
Free yet Slaves.
I had a messed-up childhood i admit the environment i grew up in is not the place to raise a kid. My neighborhood was the route the soldiers used to use when they would go to raiding parties the same route the rebel’s army (RAK) would use to return the favor. The same route don’t forget where our mothers would use to go to the market daily and the same one we would use to go to the local river to bathe and wash our clothes. When the democracy was won, the soldiers went home. 
With no one to keep the RAK at bay, they like an infectious parasite, spreading into our neighborhood and assuming we were the ones giving the soldiers asylum when they were attacking, we became slaves in a free country, a country that was praised internationally for being democratic and broken its chain of slavery. The men of our village formed the resistance army that would resist the RAK, but they were overpowered, and half our male population was swiped out during the fights what was left of them went into hiding to nurse their wounds, bury the dead and live another day to fight. 
From a proud family of humble farmers i came and so was i destined to be also. All our produce would go to the rebels it was like payment for us being left alive. The playground was like ground zero for death it was where the rebels and the resistance army fought. If you were my age (10) you had only one year to be considered mature enough to fight and was recruited into the RAK if you refused or didn’t make the cut well let’s say the playground archives was about to add a new member to its long list. For the 10 years i had lived on this unforgiving cruel earth I had seen death, suffering and despair first hand that nothing could scare me anymore except the muzzle of a gun pointed straight at me.
Then finally the long-awaited morning came with the sound of exchange of fire between the rebels and the Resistance army that had regrouped and nursed their injuries lasted for 2 hours but from where I was standing you could hear the army pushing the RAK back into the deep hills.
Later a male journalist came to take photos. He then removed his camera and pointed it towards my sister to take her photo and to his surprise she said” I surrender” thinking the camera was a gun. I saw a tear flow from his eyes as he came to fully understand the depths of what we had gone through.
                                                                          
Syria’s five-year civil war is the “world’s worst humanitarian catastrophe,” with an estimated 220,000 killed and more than 12 million in need of aid. About 5.6 million of those are children, Slave trade in Libya… (I won’t even start... ????)
Campaign for the end slavery and Terror in the world.
Adios ?.
Mislead By Society and Social Media.
“If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives...”Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist .The same can be said for our modern day society and social media.
Be who you are but dont act like this, dont do this, dont wear this, dont like these type of people. In the end we end up having no freedom to make our own choices because wee do something we end up asking ourselves, What will society and everyone think? (A question that’s the leading killer of ideas and dreams)

